♪
[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salaryman
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything's an item drop
from monsters.
In this new life,
I'm stuck at level one.
But lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
Well, today is moving day again!
And yes, that is a metal me!
Because why not?
Hold on. Is that another girl?
Not that I'm against
making new friends.
I just never know what's
gonna happen out here!
♪
[yawns]
[chewing]
Hi there, Yota!
Good morning!
Um. [gasps]
Celeste? What happened?
Good morning.
She said
that her head was hurting.
Really?
Do you think you caught a cold?
Oh, no.
It's from the magic storm.
I remember learning about those.
That's the natural phenomenon
that prevents people
from using magic, isn't it?
I always get
these throbbing headaches
and my head feels like
it's filled with metal boulders.
Aw, man, I didn't realize
the storms had those kinds
of side effects, too.
I'll be fine as long
as I don't let it keep me down.
After the storm passes,
I'll feel much better.
I have an idea!
Instead of going back
to the dungeon today,
why don't we go look
at bigger houses?
[RYOTA] Hopefully,
we can find one big enough
that she won't feel sick
during magic storms.
Maybe there are even houses that
are built to counteract them.
Well, I hope you folks like it.
I'm pretty sure
this is the only one
I have that meets
all of your requirements.
[gasps]
My headache!
It's cleared up!
That's great news!
Yes! I didn't realize
there were houses
that could help with that!
Then you're going to love
this property
since it was built
using the very latest
magic storm-blocking
construction methods.
I imagine that should feel
quite reassuring
for any magic user.
[gasps]
The kitchen is its own room,
and it's so big!
What do you think so far?
I love it!
So, what are
the monthly payments
looking like?
Given the modern technology
that went
into this home's construction,
it's listed for higher
than the usual market price.
400,000 pilos.
[EMILY, CELESTE]
400,000 pilos?
Sounds reasonable.
-Thanks, we'll take it.
-[gasps]
Ryota, let's think this through.
There're more, right?
[RYOTA]
I'm sold.
I want a place
where you and Emily will wake up
smiling every day.
That was at the very top
of my list of new-home criteria.
[EVE]
Rabbit.
Besides, when I saw
how much better you felt
just walking in here,
I wasn't interested
in looking at any other options.
I'm ready!
Let's move in!
[birds chirping]
[RYOTA] It seems like
the magic storm is finally over.
Yes, and look around.
♪
Goodness.
That Emily,
she did this in one day?
Amazing right?
I just can't get over it.
By the way, what's our plan?
[EVE]
Carrot! [grunts]
[RYOTA] The harvest festival's
coming up soon.
I think we should look
at Erza's list
and then try to track down
the high-priced items on it.
We need to be
thoroughly prepared
to handle the rare monsters
on level seven.
Carrots, too?
Of course!
We can get a few carrots
while we're out there!
Forgiven!
Hope you're hungry,
'cause I got breakfast!
Sweet!
A delicious, healthy meal
is exactly what we all need
-before we head out there today!
-Thank you.
Absolutely!
Carrot!
Snow?
On the inside of a dungeon?
It's called dungeon snow.
Depending
on how they're created,
some dungeons do have floors
that simulate winter.
That's incredible.
You've got all the info.
I'm impressed.
Oh, I wouldn't take it
to that extreme.
Impressed? He praised me!
[footsteps approaching]
[CELESTE chuckling]
Huh?
[both groaning]
Well done, you two!
I'm so proud of you
I can hardly contain myself!
[BOTH]
Captain.
That was quite a challenge
and you suffered so much!
Believe me, I know how you feel!
[sighs] I mean that literally.
Because every time
either of you felt pain,
I couldn't help
feeling it along with you!
I'm so sorry you were suffering,
Captain!
Don't feel sorry for me!
I don't matter!
You're stronger
thanks to what you went through,
and I wouldn't wish it
any other way!
Get in here, both of you!
[MALE PARTY MEMBER 2A]
Captain! [weeping]
We feel the same way!
[FEMALE PARTY MEMBER 2A]
We're so glad
we were able to learn from you!
[RYOTA]
And brainwashing, complete.
Are you okay?
Uh? Yeah! Totally.
Hm. [gasps] Look over there!
A monster is coming!
♪
[gunshots]
-[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[thuds]
-[RYOTA grunts]
[gunshots]
[jiggling]
What's going on? [grunts]
Ryota, please pull back!
You won't be able to defeat
that type of slime on your own!
What do you mean?
Guts slimes
become selectively invincible
when they're near death.
They won't take damage
from the last person to attack.
You can't hurt it now.
[RYOTA]
So we need someone to weaken it
and someone to finish it off.
Right. [shouts]
-[fire blazing]
-[sparkling]
Oh, wow! You totally beat it!
This floor is solo-proof.
Not very common.
We should switch
our attack order going forward.
Ryota, hold back.
You can finish them off.
[shouting]
[thuds]
Okay, it's yours now!
-[gunshot]
-[sparkling]
-Amazing! We did it!
-Yup.
It turns out
they're not that strong
if we're all fighting together.
Onions.
What's the matter,
you don't like onions?
All I need are carrots.
In that case, I can make curry
for dinner tonight.
It'll have potatoes and onions,
and big chunks of carrots
just for you, Eve!
Yay, big carrot chunks!
[laughs] Sounds good to me!
What do you think, Celeste?
Curry?
-Watch out!
-[yelps]
-[thuds]
-No! Yota!
-Carrots!
I'll be okay.
Please call me anything
other than carrots!
It's not like the other ones
we've been fighting.
[RYOTA]
Got to be rare.
Celeste, what do we have to do
to beat this one?
That's a high guts slime.
It still needs someone
to finish it off
like the other one,
but when it's in its invincible
near-death state,
it will reflect all attacks
used against it.
Keep that in mind.
We'll have to be more careful
with it than usual.
Let me. I know its HP.
I want to do it.
Are you serious?
I killed one of them before.
It was about this strong!
[grunts]
-Get him, Carrots!
-Right!
-[gunshot]
-[sparkling]
-We got it!
-[BOTH] Yay, we got it!
Heck, yeah. That's teamwork!
The jewel it drops
is very useful.
When it's equipped,
it can reflect
some attacks received
back onto enemies.
[RYOTA]
Wow. That sounds pretty cool.
♪
[jiggling]
It is reflecting
the slime's attacks,
but not much
seems to be happening.
-Huh?
-[sparkling]
[EVE]
Carrot!
You defeated the monster
just by standing there!
Yes. It reduces
the effort involved, at least.
It's a lot faster
when I attack things myself,
though.
[EVE] Low-Level's carrots
are the bestest ever!
I'll just stick
with the original plan
and sell this thing to Erza
when we get home.
♪
This is the rare drop
from Telulu level seven!
It's a Slime Tear!
Did she say level seven?
Yeah, you know, the guts stuff.
That's right.
So, you're still interested
in buying it off me, right?
Yes. Just like we agreed before.
Thanks!
My shop's rank and trust level
will go up again
after I add this
to our inventory.
I'm just glad I could be of use.
[ERZA]
Always!
And here's
the three million pilos
for this item's worth!
-[EMILY, CELESTE gasps]
-That much?
The price is a bit higher
right now.
But that's because it's almost
harvest festival time.
[EMILY, CELESTE giggle]
[RYOTA FAMILY chuckle]
Um, excuse me.
I'd like to join a party!
Can I join you, please?
Join us?
Aren't you a little young?
[chuckles] Ah!
[sighs]
♪
[SKELETON 6A chuckles]
-[SKELETON 6A growls]
-[grunts]
[grunts] Oh, man.
The red skeleton is
three times faster than normal!
Doesn't matter.
-[SKELETON 6A grunts]
-Because I'm still way faster.
[DUNGEON VOICE 1A]
Ryota's max MP increased by one.
[RYOTA]
Wait, my MP?
Like Magic Points?
So that means the drops
on the fifth floor increase it?
And since I didn't have
any before,
I now have the ability
to use magic!
How do you go
about learning magic, anyway?
Exactly three million pilos.
-I can't believe I bought it.
-I'm sorry.
Look, I know it's a big expense,
but people generally learn magic
by leveling up,
and doing so is off the table
for you, unfortunately.
So, you can eat
this magic fruit instead
and instantly learn
a random magic spell.
[RYOTA] I've never heard
of anything like that.
You should eat it
and see what happens!
No. Not just yet.
There's a reason I decided
to go outside of town for this.
[RYOTA] The odds of this working
are 50-50,
but still, I want to try it.
[gasps]
[poofs]
I get it now.
You let it become a stray,
so it'll drop something better.
♪
[jiggling]
[gasps] Is that you?
[RYOTA]
Hey, neat! It's a Metal Ryota!
-[thuds]
-[grunts]
-[gun cocking]
[gunshots]
It's tough! And fast!
And super strong!
My best guess is that
it takes on 80% of the specs
of whatever it copies.
Not a monster suited
for big gatherings.
[gasps and grunts]
[gunshot]
[sparkling]
[thuds]
It's the same fruit as before.
No, it's actually different.
I see. Could this mean...
Yeah. Here, let's test it out.
[chomps]
Okay, hold on.
What do you mean
you've learned magic?
You really learned two spells?
Yeah. One is called Wind Cutter.
[CELESTE] It's a level-one
wind elemental spell.
That's amazing!
I'm dying to know
what the other spell does now!
I'm actually curious
about it, too!
Okay, but it's kind of weird.
I'll give it a try
on those guys.
So, do what we always do.
Got it!
Easy enough!
-Inferno!
-[fire blazing]
[sparkling]
[growls]
And, Reservation!
-I don't think so!
-[gunshot]
-[bullet whistling]
-[grunts]
[sparkling]
Hey, that was cool!
I feel like I'm Yota now!
You mean,
what that spell does is...
Yep, although I have to use it
on a monster
before I even attack it
and then my drop rates apply
to whomever actually defeats it.
So, then it makes
someone else rank S?
Yeah, but it's not that useful.
It's just for monsters,
so there's really not much
it can do
other than help with drops
if I'm around.
[EMILY]
I think it's useful!
-Uh?
-[EMILY] In fact, I'm grateful!
Um, what are you grateful for?
Because I never would've
leveled up
after that battle without it!
That's true!
When he uses that spell,
it means
that someone else on his team
can finish off the monster!
You're helping
your whole team level up, Yota.
I don't know
what could be better
than a spell
that helps my friends!
We can all share the experience
from now on.
We'll level up together.
As a party!
-Absolutely!
-Great!
[RYOTA] I was thinking
I might head to Nihonium today.
Uh? Isn't that...
-Erza!
-Oh, Hi, Ryota.
You're carrying a lot there.
Let me help you!
Thank you. Seriously.
I bought too much
and made things hard.
[ERZA] Thanks again.
I appreciate the help!
Well, I better get going.
[ALICE]
You'll actually let me join?
Huh?
Hm.
-Now, run straight in! Got it?
-[PARTY MEMBERS 02A] Yes, sir!
[ALL gasp]
[ALICE]
Too close to floor seven!
[MALE PARTY CAPTAIN 2A]
It wasn't supposed
to be like this.
-Uh? Wait!
-[EVE] Carrot?
You mean that?
You're really going to let me
join your group?
Yes,
you have a lot of potential,
and potential can only shine
in a dungeon!
He's hideous.
Oh, well, yeah. Poor girl.
She's been asking around
for adventurer companions
lately,
but her max level is only a two.
That's why everyone's been
turning her down.
Come on.
Let's chase our dreams
in the dungeons.
[RYOTA]
Not a good idea.
And what do you want?
I want to take this girl
for my party.
Who, me? Are you sure?
-I'm not leaving without her.
-Hm...
[RYOTA]
Especially while you're here.
[whimpers]
Wow! You must be really talented
to be joining Ryota's party!
Congrats, kid!
What an honor to be invited
into the Ryota Family!
They're the hottest party
in town right now!
You are a seriously lucky girl!
Go get them!
You think I'm lucky? Really?
Yes! You're in the Ryota Family!
Guess it's that "Ryota Sato"
people talk about.
The guy from Selen?
[ALICE]
Is he a big deal or something?
Oh, yeah! That guy's everywhere!
Ah!
[scoffs]
[sighs]
-Thanks, Erza. I owe you.
-Uh.
-You do?
-Yep.
Okay, kid.
Want to officially join
my party?
Yes.
Well, what's your name?
I'm Alice.
Hey, Alice.
My name's Ryota Sato.
-Pleasure to have you on board.
-Thanks!
[footsteps]
All right, first up.
♪
Can you try touching this?
Sure thing.
[sparkling]
[RYOTA]
Oh, boy.
I can't think of any other word
to describe this than hopeless.
But considering
my own past experiences,
she should be able to fight
in this dungeon.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
You should start
with some leveling up.
Are you ready to go in?
Ah! [chuckles]
What's funny?
The air in here
is really taking me back!
[RYOTA]
It is?
Oh, yeah! Guess why?
I've been told
I was born in a dungeon!
-Isn't that neat?
-[RYOTA] Huh?
My mom said that
when she was pregnant with me,
I just decided to pop out
while she was working
in a dungeon one day!
Popped out?
Wow, that is very descriptive.
[chuckles]
Mm. So how about we go pop
some monsters?
-Sounds good to me!
-Huh?
Okay. There are lots over there.
Let's do it!
♪
Wow! Look at them!
Amazing.
You're like
a monster homing device.
-[gunshot]
-[SKELETONS rattle]
You should try
killing these guys.
If I had to guess,
they'll get you
to at least level two.
Maybe try hitting them
with that rock there.
This one? Okay.
[laughs]
-[grunts]
-[sparkling]
I did it!
Now do the same with the others.
Mm.
-[thuds]
-[sparkling]
-[ALICE] Oh!
-Hm?
Let's see if you leveled up.
We can go check outside.
[RYOTA]
I see.
Now she can't gain
any more levels.
Hey. Can we go back inside?
Why? Did you lose something?
No, it's not that.
It's just that
when we were in there earlier,
Bonesy told me
that I should hurry back.
Who's Bonesy?
[footsteps]
Oh! There it is! Get that one.
[gunshot]
What are you going to do?
It's telling me to defeat it.
[SKELETON rattles]
[flashing]
Wait! What's going on?
Yay! It's nice to have you
with us, Bonesy!
So, uh, this is Bonesy?
[BONESY rattles]
Sure is! And the newest fighter
in our party.
What?
[thuds]
[ALICE]
Good job! You can do it!
[chuckles]
-[sparkling]
-[flashing]
[BONESY rattles]
I'm so proud of you, Bonesy!
So, is that permanent?
No. It'll heal
once Bonesy changes back.
Fantastic.
-[ALICE] Guess what?
-Mm?
I think Bonesy thinks of me
as a big sister.
Because you were both
born in a dungeon?
Oh, yeah! Oh!
What? Is something the matter?
Oh, Jiggly's calling me.
Jiggly?
[jiggling]
Really? That called you?
Yep. It's ready
for me to defeat it now.
[flashing]
You can do it, Bonesy!
I'm right behind you!
-[BONESY rattling]
-[jiggling]
-[thuds]
-[ALICE, RYOTA gasp]
[thuds]
I didn't know that was possible!
[flashing]
[JIGGLY jiggling]
You did it again, Bonesy!
Hi. Nice to have you with us,
Jiggly!
[sighs] That name.
So,
you got another little brother?
-[ALICE] No, I don't!
-Uh?
Because Bonesy's a girl, silly.
So Jiggly's not
"another" brother.
You're a girl?
How can you be so sure of that?
-Hey, Ryota.
-Huh?
You're the best!
'Cause if it wasn't for you,
I wouldn't have made
my two new friends.
I really didn't do anything
in particular.
Well, thanks in general!
Bonesy and Jiggly wanted me
to tell you thanks, too.
[RYOTA]
I'm back.
[ALICE]
Hello there!
-Hey, welcome back, Yota!
-[gasps]
Thank you, Emily. Hm?
Mmm.
Did you make that?
-It smells awesome.
-I did.
Some carrot Hamburg steaks
with a side of toast!
[chomps]
I want to spend
the rest of my life
eating your carrots.
Was that a proposal?
What? Uh,
that's really not a good idea!
-[CELESTE] Those are so cute!
-Huh?
This is Bonesy,
and that, well that's Jiggly.
Mm! I don't understand
why they're so cute!
Hey, give them to me
so I can snuggle them
a little bit!
-[CELESTE whimpers]
-Aw... You scared them.
-[gasps] Oh. I'm sorry.
-[EMILY] Wow, Celeste,
I had no idea
you suffered cute aggression.
Mm... Please. Just a bit.
Just one itty bitty, teeny tiny
snuggle!
-[whimpers and gasps]
-[chuckles]
[chewing and swallows]
What a weirdo.
♪
My name's Alice.
Nice to meet you all!
I'd like her to join our party
if that's okay with you guys.
-No objections!
-[sighs]
Do you like carrots?
They're not really my thing.
Then I will add
10,000 yes votes.
Are you sure?
Yes, 'cause we'll never fight
over carrots.
[chuckles] Emily?
What do you say?
A very enthusiastic thumbs up!
I vote yes for Alice, Bonesy,
and Jiggly, too.
Welcome aboard!
We're happy to have you!
Thank you! Did you hear that?
Bonesy? Jiggly?
-[munching]
-[whimpering]
[RYOTA]
That's how it happened.
Three allies
for the price of one.
And I got to say,
I'm looking forward
to the excitement
they're sure to bring.